2021-12Dec-31
Teacher: Pr Dave; movie
Ohana bible study at Bill & Toon's house

Movie with or about Jeremy Camp - I still believe.
Jeremy married Melissa; she get's cancer and dies.

Dave spoke afterwards.
Sword drill - Lamentations 3:22
Melissa had stage 3C cancer, then had faith.
Melissa had a biblical world view that started with the bible.

A botanast looks at a bible and describes it. Fran's brother would say that. An artist would paint the apple. Dave's son in law could describe an apple and find it on the inventory sheet. How does a Christian look at it?

A secular world view would to have the cancer removed. An Atheist would say it was meant to be. A biblical world view says God will not forsake me.

Natalie's doctor came out to report the accident during surgery. Mom (Deanne) replied with a biblical world view about others being said. 
Doctor comes in the ER looks at Dave, then looks at the person next to me saying we couldn't save him. The widow replied I can't believe he's in glory (Rose and Harold Drum). Rose and Harold were Dave's neighbors when he first got here.

What is the common thread between Melissa, Rose, etc? Answer: They knew about Jesus Christ. Dave knows everyone in Ohana has experienced pain - what's the point of ? [new coronavirus]. It looks like doomsday. But Dave hopes Christians will not wimp out in 2022.

One of the descriptions of God ...
Romans 15:5 says God is the key to endurance and perseverance. The Greek word(s) were described - hypo-meno. hypodermic means under the skin. hypo means to stay.

Bob reported his study with Nancy included Romans 5 & 6. It gives 3 opportunities to grow in Christ, one of which is persistence under trial. 
Americans persisting means distracting - exercize, golf, etc. What did Christ do knowing he would walk into the cross? A: He prayed and did not waiver.

Lam 3:22. It is good staying under God. Dave is excited to see what God has in store for 2022. Don't loose heart and wimp out. 
A chant was described between 2 or more people: God is good - all the time. All the time - God is good.

Dave likes Joni Earickson Tada. She says God permits that what he hates to accomplish what He loves.

Bob Patterson met Joni in person. She was painting a picture.


